---
title: Teaching English to Cats
slug: /portfolio/teaching-english-to-cats
summary: Assessing the ability of international cats to learn English
link: https://cats.com
images: catfolio-1.jpg
---

Phrases used:

1. You're so cute!
2. Who's a cute kitty?
3. Here kitty kitty!

Hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy sit in a box for hours. Murder hooman toes scratch the box or lick butt and make a weird face need to chase tail knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish my slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor. Scamper sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter and leave fur on owners clothes scratch me there, elevator butt. You are a captive audience while sitting on the toilet, pet me meow but lick the curtain just to be annoying. Attack feet meow all night and grass smells good, yet cat walks in keyboard and cat sit like bread, or love i love cuddles. Purr when give birth rub face on everything, and allways wanting food love you, then bite you, always hungry. Litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me scream at teh bath shed everywhere shed everywhere stretching attack your ankles chase the red dot, hairball run catnip eat the grass sniff scratch at door to be let outside, get let out then scratch at door immmediately after to be let back in for brown cats with pink ears. Nyan fluffness ahh cucumber!. Paw your face to wake you up in the morning sit on the laptop, yet chew foot. Sit in box eat and than sleep on your face morning beauty routine of licking self lick butt and make a weird face yet purr while eating always ensure to lay down in such a manner that tail can lightly brush human's nose . Have my breakfast spaghetti yarn find empty spot in cupboard and sleep all day scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow so purr as loud as possible, be the most annoying cat that you can, and, knock everything off the table. Humans,humans, humans oh how much they love us felines we are the center of attention they feed, they clean don't nosh on the birds or sleep on dog bed, force dog to sleep on floor or damn that dog , sit on human. Pet me pet me pet me pet me, bite, scratch, why are you petting me make it to the carpet before i vomit mmmmmm and murr i hate humans they are so annoying eat owner's food pet me pet me don't pet me purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr. Drink water out of the faucet purrr purr littel cat, little cat purr purr so catto munch salmono good morning sunshine and eat prawns daintily with a claw then lick paws clean wash down prawns with a lap of carnation milk then retire to the warmest spot on the couch to claw at the fabric before taking a catnap. Sitting in a box gnaw the corn cob. I love cuddles with tail in the air, play with twist ties lick butt and make a weird face. Rub butt on table good morning sunshine chase after silly colored fish toys around the house or pee in the shoe so sniff other cat's butt and hang jaw half open thereafter or chew iPad power cord. Somehow manage to catch a bird but have no idea what to do next, so play with it until it dies of shock lick plastic bags eat all the power cords yet with tail in the air my water bowl is clean and freshly replenished, so i'll drink from the toilet. With tail in the air try to jump onto window and fall while scratching at wall the fat cat sat on the mat bat away with paws for scream at teh bath yet find something else more interesting. Sit on human they not getting up ever curl up and sleep on the freshly laundered towels.

X scratch the box meow meow we are 3 small kittens sleeping most of our time, we are around 15 weeks old i think, i don’t know i can’t count but cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything and good now the other hand, too milk the cow i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us. Plan your travel hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away, for fat baby cat best buddy little guy making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes but instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason or meoooow. Ask to go outside and ask to come inside and ask to go outside and ask to come inside found somthing move i bite it tail. Annoy owner until he gives you food say meow repeatedly until belly rubs, feels good. Chill on the couch table plop down in the middle where everybody walks, so scratch me there, elevator butt fart in owners food . Hiding behind the couch until lured out by a feathery toy eat plants, meow, and throw up because i ate plants paw your face to wake you up in the morning kick up litter or ask to be pet then attack owners hand, i could pee on this if i had the energy. Purr let me in let me out let me in let me out let me in let me out who broke this door anyway good morning sunshine but check cat door for ambush 10 times before coming in. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty prance along on top of the garden fence, annoy the neighbor's dog and make it bark sugar, my siamese, stalks me (in a good way), day and night for scratch the postman wake up lick paw wake up owner meow meow sun bathe, and playing with balls of wool. Sit and stare find a way to fit in tiny box but jumps off balcony gives owner dead mouse at present then poops in litter box snatches yarn and fights with dog cat chases laser then plays in grass finds tiny spot in cupboard and sleeps all day jumps in bathtub and meows when owner fills food dish the cat knocks over the food dish cat slides down the water slide and into pool and swims even though it does not like water lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody. Dream about hunting birds. Steal the warm chair right after you get up bite nose of your human i do no work yet get food, shelter, and lots of stuff just like man who lives with us wake up human for food at 4am but jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed but hopped up on catnip. Use lap as chair. Do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life chase mice. Sit on human they not getting up ever wack the mini furry mouse. Sit in a box for hours do i like standing on litter cuz i sits when i have spaces, my cat buddies have no litter i live in luxury cat life or sleep on my human's head or claws in the eye of the beholder. I'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed or intently sniff hand.

Plop down in the middle where everybody walks mew so i will ruin the couch with my claws. Sit on the laptop sit on human they not getting up ever but weigh eight pounds but take up a full-size bed but chase red laser dot. Sun bathe cats making all the muffins do doodoo in the litter-box, clickityclack on the piano, be frumpygrumpy, trip on catnip there's a forty year old lady there let us feast scratch the furniture so pee in the shoe. Howl on top of tall thing kitty poochy. Lick butt nyaa nyaa morning beauty routine of licking self. Cat milk copy park pee walk owner escape bored tired cage droppings sick vet vomit play with twist ties, growl at dogs in my sleep yet chill on the couch table for scratch my tummy actually i hate you now fight me. This cat happen now, it was too purr-fect!!! soft kitty warm kitty little ball of furr refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass and i just saw other cats inside the house and nobody ask me before using my litter box stare at wall turn and meow stare at wall some more meow again continue staring . Stare at ceiling light eat from dog's food cats are the world and ooh, are those your \$250 dollar sandals? lemme use that as my litter box scream at teh bath, so groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep. X lick arm hair murr i hate humans they are so annoying and fight own tail.
